## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.11.1/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-5xdYoZ0Lt6Jw8GFfRP91J0jaOVUq7DGI1J5wIyNi0D+eHVdfUwHR4gW6kPsw489E"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.11.1/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-HdearVH8cyfzwBIQOjL/6dSEmZxQ5rJRezN7spps8E7iu+R6utS8c2ab0AgBNFfH"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-gRTR/fmk+6+ygbihH/fJvHgmffnOrd/eO7DW5zgu1uN9GBohtDx+OBs0DI0ejigB /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-Pg7b9hYE6kefjcNqAabhv8jOLCVoZubUaM4bZFjUJd0CaaQ14ksDI0GVllMtAF4S /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-4Jkc+l0njgG1ekq/E7kJCYXltFaDopM/LQLUyoCpBGa7oWSdgQzWPXqFxZWXsyRI /es/languages/cmake.js
sha384-7HLwuzaDtJxWvaGQ7qGwWFgozJH1ljKCOPmIVeVosrCZ8RpzoA1wEF/6RSqDKyeP /es/languages/cmake.min.js
sha384-rFCBWxbZHxZD51qKR2cdayIcKUSHS3p1PWPIs1kjgsP7lu9ZP32ah/2DoQUm/rTg /es/languages/cpp.js
sha384-+1Koxl0St78gEZW5CpFK+dbLp7yNsfwLzzQUsSGimV4k/RVJUz6YvqtsqtdbJyKf /es/languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-0s8f7nphuRu8IIkFNCeOVZhvbjt7YKZEHl38OjfkCkdtnwIUvwRNbxxUHkCdcYjm /es/languages/csharp.js
sha384-xLfGW0hIBHie9xNFuVroNihI0BdEO8FKxOeCdyJBrO1eM7s5BsQ8F3fLtFydQZ+Z /es/languages/csharp.min.js
sha384-vZWLk+C+23/W/GAmv4PXkZSZo82LXul6DdSgWcMzutPxGltitIk38HyLrxRVsFvm /es/languages/ini.js
sha384-CVynu7LzwkkAUiajSi0jprssYhgg9Vi1WSd8iR84Vmi6JdRGq3DT4vvEfjzoxxOK /es/languages/ini.min.js
sha384-Cmq5lORXzyHraasLNqmfchH07JRXyEmjDF+j6tSggoXjYHwtgX/ySW6kkRytM5uu /es/languages/python.js
sha384-ZV5sgX70bBgLkDR5Mtox5UsbJedBc39hRKPdvTw6miK4lSkE/wv94cLY2iyZb/sB /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-JFRCn12yvr0NDhxPY8oZDk/G2Tjm7bGmqXy28Y0bq4J7D8mKha6jQJOXMB5wtTVr /es/languages/rust.js
sha384-JbkB8w/DGGyx29PIwSq8c/ZeiJB9T/X4mVAZFEyBiNlEAas98Q2NxpBPUlNIlE71 /es/languages/rust.min.js
sha384-Jrkpn2hK0TY04skYBXB9fj7mMpKYy7g726cPwXGXf6mdBXnFlTDXFduxikMCRXT7 /languages/bash.js
sha384-BbT8tZtvkh8HPXIvL5RtzuljBwI3gR5KIdYxZyYSyI5C/+KNAGdzAiexvmxuroag /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-tz8sDBcGyDfVGZQ9FUAKB4eJnNPu9yXGT0lMmnjqQR8IK9WLxlGFllFwPSZUAoH/ /languages/cmake.js
sha384-PInWnmju5g7EmUG5eiPVUat7Psw4dFOQZCNdSV5R/HgXYI+6efBY9fTv+Ye9+kwq /languages/cmake.min.js
sha384-Z5Ja/rxBluJ4iPYwJYn2numfw2XFmlp3qLL1aJ1SZqyTjKWwMh9yWfpNCOqf3vAm /languages/cpp.js
sha384-B711MHXDqRvH/pKkxJk84RyRt9g0qyAJFsu2XukZKoCdnEiBmA6Aq9fO23ZCS7qk /languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-NTF0oluJbKDCxwGTujk+IsRQRbf+waUyDilA5GhOA+VSoxhyApQpmDWMjxfFO3dt /languages/csharp.js
sha384-Z+o7SU/ldIEIdOIqpMV+9s2n8EE1rZTFSRv5Sd7rlaSoPTpyflmmZ/oRb6ycw/2s /languages/csharp.min.js
sha384-izwcylRNWmKKRcyCyrYZyNQekUCyR7Fh1x8nYWNCRJoRDU5JXv6TcqlP4C+4MfIf /languages/ini.js
sha384-NrmnsdarwteQHPGjt70kaQTi1KE0XfOJNX9/VJSg6wWwU6U2nPzjl3iWkgU1cvyx /languages/ini.min.js
sha384-ueSSFZFqg7cVD0dpEqIk9EefJiJUYan0PH6I8u/p+bNLLx7dMs4J2keMaFXqCN8P /languages/python.js
sha384-eXRt+aAa2ig1yFVDQCLis8k9s/1dikTcigj+/R07yNdIxc8BAG/b1uHDyEW3of17 /languages/python.min.js
sha384-4hMItQrXDnquJWRbDiZ+cP4udu1pcJlCVFg3Ytv9OgWNbpIwzizsWbIwzA1BAJrI /languages/rust.js
sha384-kENps59cKQW5DV3vOEzpSp6tfGzWGpPYKz748i4gGziVSjieRtupNNu/WEwG3s8n /languages/rust.min.js
sha384-1tVEZ/FMNZ74mhUX6NGwayqvF9DOM6fDJNc01qteuNXPSfKZOCDXfxtqB5C/j9Ra /highlight.js
sha384-xFZofab/XnTi0iXPZXW2tKwcqVXu39REYHY59d48TNodm1yLCwWkrAA43CYnfkNv /highlight.min.js
```

